Add release note entries for #16495, #16496, #16497 (#16510)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.8.2.rst

- Fixed an issue that caused ``WHERE`` clause to fail to filter rows when the
  clause contained :ref:`ANY <sql_any_array_comparison>` over array literals
  that are empty or containing only nulls.

> - Fixed an issue that caused ``WHERE`` clause containing nested arrays under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused queries with nested arrays, compared with `=` and `= ANY` operators in the ``WHERE`` clause to throw ``ClassCastException```

Author: Thanks!
